(Case Number 2007)
(Defendant: Choi Kyung Ho)
(Defendant took Kim Ga Young...)
The person you have reached
is unavailable. Please leave...
(Help)
No!
I said no! I won't go!
(After raping her...)
(After murdering her...)
(Produced by: Park Yong Soo)
Find anything?
We couldn't find
any real leads yet.
It looks like a rape and murder.
One of her sneakers is missing.
Did you find anything nearby?
- No.
- Let's go in.
(Written by: Seo In)
(Directed by: Lee Kwang Young)
(Kim Ga Young Rape and Murder)
The case files
are the judges' lives,
so be careful with them.
I will.
You're volunteering?
Which high school?
Seojin High School.
- I'll do the rest, so...
- I'll do it.
It's my volunteer work,
so I should do it right.
Thanks, Choi Jung Joo.
You may go.
Okay.
Bye.
Hello?
Judge Yoo Myung Hee's chambers.
Yes. Okay.
Trying to destroy the case file?
(Judge vs. Judge)
(10 years later)
Answer your phone.
- It's so loud.
- I'm sorry.
Hey.
Yes. I stayed up all night
doing a murder.
The corpse was chopped up.
My entire body aches...
from doing the murder
all night long.
Murders are a piece of cake now.
Now that murders grew on me,
I can't do assaults anymore.
I'm going to do another murder.
A serial murder.
Next week, I need to do a rape too.
Rape just doesn't do it for me.
I prefer murder.
This is Lee Jung Joo.
I'll be there in 10 minutes.
Make an excuse for me to the chief.
Say I went to the bathroom
because I'm constipated.
Hey, you! No!
Thief! No!
Hey, you! Someone please stop
the guy on the bike!
My case file is in there!
Oh my gosh.
What's this?
My case file is more precious
than my life!
Case file?
Police?
Someone snatched my purse by
the station in front of the court.
Yes. Jongro, Seoul.
Yes.
(My mom, Jang Soon Bok,
is innocent.)
(She is not a murderer.)
(Seoul Central District Court)
Who are you?
I need to return this shoe
to its rightful owner.
To do that, I need her bag.
Don't you try to get smart with me.
If you return the bag now,
the punishment will be lenient.
- Hand it over.
- Get lost. Get away from me!
This becomes robbery
once weapons are involved.
Let's not take
this farther than larceny.
Don't you come near me!
Or I'll stab you.
You see,
if you injure me with that knife,
it's robbery with bodily injury. If
I die, it's robbery with homicide.
Your sentencing won't
be lenient at all.
For your information,
with one punch to my cheek,
my teeth will fall out
since I'm very weak.
A brush of that knife might
kill me instantly.
Do you want to spend years in prison
for stealing a handbag?
- Don't come near me.
- He's right there!
Darn it.
I'm sorry.
I have chronic constipation.
It's diarrhea.
Diarrhea!
I heard it was diarrhea.
Was it constipation?
Well, I took too many pills
for constipation...
since I was very constipated,
and it caused diarrhea.
Diarrhea...
Let's say that you did have
diarrhea, but what time is it now?
We're going into trial soon.
When will we have our meeting? When?
We can start now.
By the look of her, it seems
she had stayed up all night.
She was probably reviewing...
- Detective, did you find my purse?
- Jang Soon Bok's retrial.
I must find it.
- I have my documents...
- Judge Lee.
Yes?
The grounds
of Jang Soon Bok's retrial is...
that Defendant Jang Soon Bok claims
her innocence and that she was...
threatened and coerced by the police
to make a false statement...
- as the police framed her.
- I didn't do it.
I'm right here, baby.
(Ministry of Justice)
She claims she confessed only
because his son committed murder.
I'm sorry.
I won't make you worry anymore!
After finding out it wasn't him,
she recanted her confession.
- She claimed her innocence then.
- Yong Soo!
Yong Soo!
She wept and plead that
she wasn't the murderer,
- but the police imposed contrary.
- Young Joo.
She claims any evidence in favor of
her has been purposely disregarded.
The medical examiner's expert
opinion is that the skill...
of chopping the corpse must be
of an experienced professional.
The polygraph result showed that
she didn't commit murder.
The police omitted these pieces
of evidence favoring her on purpose.
Those documents were indeed
submitted for the retrial.
However, it's not proven that
the police omitted...
the evidence deliberately.
Her attorney resigned
after filing for retrial.
What do you think, Judge Lee?
You'll be writing the ruling.
The fact that she has been
protesting her innocence...
for 10 years unswervingly makes me
rethink about rejecting her appeal.
She refuses to work in prison
as she's not guilty.
She has a record
of fasting several times.
In prison, she's known
to be a stubborn inmate.
That's not true!
Even her son is holding a protest
by himself in front of the court.
I see your point.
It's not easy to hold a protest
every day in rain or snow.
In the eyes of the law,
evidence proves the truth,
not one's claim.
I see that you have a direction
about this case.
Let's review her case file before
we come to our final decision.
Sorry? The case file?
Yes.
Well...
I forgot them at home by accident.
That's not to be forgotten.
What if something happens
to the file?
Will you take responsibility?
You should guard it with your life.
Unbelievable.
Chief Oh,
- the trial is...
- My life depends on the documents.
You can take care of this, right?
(My life depends on the documents.)
[Kocowa Ver] E01 Nothing to Lose "The Beginning"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Appeal for retrial)
(Defendant Jang Soon Bok)
(Detained)
(Lee Jung Joo)
"Lee Jung Joo"?
(Unit 73 of Criminal Court)
Hello, this is Judge Sah Eui Hyun
of Unit 88 of Criminal Court.
I'd like to talk
to Judge Lee Jung Joo.
She's in trial.
This is Unit 73 of Criminal Court,
Seoul Central District Court.
The morning trial will convene.
Case number 2017G135.
The name of the defendant is
Kim Joo Hyung.
Is that right?
Yes.
Your date of birth is August 23,
1985.
Is that right?
Yes.
The information on your petition
is identical, isn't it?
(Jongro N2485, a man in 20s...)
Yes, it is.
You have the right to refuse
to answer questions...
if they may incriminate you.
The prosecution may proceed
with the indictment.
From 2016 to 2017,
Defendant Kim Joo Hyung has gone...
around Seoul...
and metropolitan areas,
lured elementary schoolers,
and sexually assaulted them.
Therefore, for violating Protective
Code regarding minor sexual abuse,
we'd like to prosecute him.
Defendant Kim, did you receive
the copy of your indictment?
Do you plead guilty on the charge
the prosecution brought upon?
Your Honor,
I did not sexually assault them.
I was only educating them.
- You scumbag!
- What a piece of trash!
- Please keep it down.
- My baby.
That jerk.
I'm going to kill you!
- How could you live with yourself?
- My gosh.
All right. Quiet, please.
- Keep it down, please.
- Scumbag.
I'm going to kill you.
To experience once is
worth all the education.
- Defendant Kim, get a grip.
- Oh, no.
How dare you speak such words?
Your Honor, you may not know this,
but the youth likes it more
these days.
At first, they were crying
because they were scared,
but later on, they were enjoying it
more than me.
Let go of me!
- You are a piece of trash!
- I can't believe this.
How dare you do that to my daughter?
All right. Quiet down, please.
You should be thanking me for
teaching what schools don't teach.
You don't know anything
about your own daughters.
You're no better than trash.
You deserve to die!
Shut your mouth.
What? You were educating them?
Judge Lee.
My gosh, you look very sexy
when you're all riled up.
I only work with minors
under 15 years of age.
It might be because of your robe,
but you're getting me quite excited.
That jerk. Today will be
your last day.
Someone like you doesn't
even deserve a trial.
Hold on, Judge Lee.
What are you doing? Get back down.
Let go of me.
Didn't you hear what that scumbag
who's no better than dust said?
How dare you belittle the court?
Chief Oh.
"Your Honor"?
You are full of yourself!
What are you doing?
Don't you know what this outbreak
of yours will cause?
How could you do this
if you know that?
- Hey.
- Let go of me!
Judge Lee!
He deserves to be trampled
over like a maggot!
- Judge Lee.
- Please stop.
He's the worst human being on Earth!
- Stop her!
- My goodness.
I said let go!
Listen to me, you son of...
You can't swear here.
The courtroom is sacred.
Judges are expected to hold dignity
in there.
The court adjourned because
a judge caused disturbance.
You'll be everyone's laughingstock.
How could a trial end in a chaos?
What did you say?
"He's no better than a maggot"?
"Son of..."
Are you a thug, Judge Lee?
I lost my senses when I heard him
say he was educating them.
Why did you take your robe off?
Don't you know you could have
lost your position as a judge?
I worked so hard to get selected
as the exemplary unit.
But whom was I kidding?
Exemplary, my foot.
We might be branded
as the troubling unit.
I don't think it'd go that far.
They would just keep an eye on us.
I'm sorry.
What is it?
Well, I think you might want
to look at this.
What is it?
Look at this!
It's all over the Internet.
The number of views
is insanely high.
I'm terribly sorry.
I should've controlled my emotions.
I was so upset about
losing my case file that...
What did you just say?
You lost your case file?
How?
Someone stole my purse.
Your purse?
Just slap me, why don't you?
- Chief. Please...
- Oh, my gosh!
Don't you know
that if the case file gets lost,
a guilty verdict...
can turn into a not-guilty verdict?
I know that I must be prepared
to resign from the bench.
Then how?
So you're going to resign anyway.
That's why you went on a rampage
in the courtroom?
No, not at all.
I worked hard to earn this robe.
- I'm terribly sorry.
- No!
No. Saying you're sorry
won't resolve anything.
What's your crime?
What is your crime?
You lost the case file.
You don't have it.
You can't find it anywhere!
It's gone!
Then I'm going to just die on
the spot right there, so whatever.
Do you get it or not? Do you or not?
Answer me.
That's it. That's it.
That's what it was. Right?
No!
What despicable, little rat
took something so important?
Prosecution. Please make
your closing argument.
(Jang Soon Bok's Trial for Theft)
Defendant Jang Soon Bok,
while serving her life sentence,
rather than repent of her crimes,
didn't hesitate to steal
her fellow inmate's property.
I guess stealing property is nothing
after committing murder.
I, therefore, recommend
the defendant be fined...
2,999.90 dollars.
Defendant.
Make your closing argument.
(My mom, Jang Soon Bok,
is innocent. She is not a murderer)
Defendant.
Mom!
Yong Soo is here!
Jang Soon Bok is not a murderer!
Jang Soon Bok is innocent!
Mom, Yong Soo is here!
Mom!
Mom! I missed you!
Mom, Yong Soo is here!
I will pay for my crime...
of stealing.
But I stole on purpose...
in order to be here today.
Your Honor.
Can you please record me...
with the security camera?
Your Honor.
She says she'll accept
her punishment,
but she wants to be filmed.
I question her intent.
Go ahead.
I did not kill my husband.
I can swear...
on my son's life.
Your Honor. This is irrelevant
to the present case.
I know that.
That case is not under
this department...
I'm swearing on the life
of my child...
that I am innocent.
Would you be able to understand
how a mother would feel?
I understand you requested
a new trial.
My lawyer said
not to get my hopes up...
and resigned.
- Your Honor...
- If you honor me, just listen.
I'm not...
trying to have hope.
I'm trying to remember...
that I'm not a murderer.
After spending 10 years in prison,
I'm starting to forget
that I didn't murder anyone.
I get confused and wonder
if I actually killed my husband.
That...
terrifies me.
I must take this off now.
Defendant.
For 10 years, I suffered injustice
and had to wear this.
I had to live as a murderer.
- Your Honor.
- Put that back on her.
I must not wear
this prisoner uniform anymore.
Because of your incorrect verdict,
I was framed
and lived in pure torment.
Why must I?
Why are you doing this to me?
What did my son do wrong?
What did that good boy do wrong?
Why must he live
as a murderer's son?
Why should my baby do so?
Why? Why? Let go!
- Let go!
- We'll take a recess.
Your Honor!
That's enough. Thanks.
That trial was over.
Why did you call recess?
I'm filling in for a prosecutor
away on his honeymoon.
Must I watch a thief put on a play?
- Take the coffee, and go.
- Hey.
I saw that since the trial.
What happened to your hair?
That's gum. Let me see.
It's gum.
Fine. I'll go then.
I'll get out of your face.
At least tell me why.
Why are you suddenly
giving me the cold shoulder?
Isn't this Jung Joo's?
Your Honor. This is terrible.
(My innocence is your guilt.)
What happened?
She was shaking, saying
her blood sugar level was low,
so I rushed out to get juice
to bring her blood sugar level up.
I'm new, so I didn't know.
Oh no.
It was while I stepped away
to use the restroom.
I'm sorry.
- Mr. Cha.
- Yes, Your Honor.
They think it's hypoglycemia.
Okay. Call me when you get
to the hospital.
Okay.
Hey, seeing how she left that,
I can't not investigate.
Why did you have to call recess?
This is such a pain.
Okay. We must preserve
the crime scene. Okay?
"My innocence is your guilt." Wow.
This line is more powerful than
"Wealth equals innocence,"
"poverty equals guilt."
Do you want a copy?
How did this happen?
This is Do Han Joon, a Seoul
District prosecutor.
He's Assemblyman Do Jin Myung's son.
Please forget that I'm Assemblyman
Do Jin Myung's son.
Remember as the vicious prosecutor
of Seoul Central District Court.
Run a closed investigation
until you have definite answers.
Sure, as long
as you're not soliciting me.
But I'm not sure if that will
keep the reporters at bay.
We'll take care
of the correspondents.
Yes, I need you to come
to court immediately.
We need to talk.
If the media feeds
the public that...
she tried to prove her innocence
and correct an unfair ruling,
regardless of facts,
this will taint the reputation
of our courtroom.
Chief Justice, to prepare ourselves,
we must dispose the video taken in
court during Jang Soon Bok's trial.
Pardon?
If the video gets leaked
and spreads on the Internet,
it may impose pressure on our court
including your justice panel...
which will be in charge
of her retrial.
However, seeing how things
have panned out,
we must consider her claim that...
The justice panel in charge will
review the case thoroughly.
Unit 73 of Criminal Judicial Panel
consists of very competent judges.
Sir,
you must take a look at this.
Try to understand
Chief Oh's disappointment.
He told us very clearly that...
he'd do nothing to risk
his chances of getting...
the judgeship at High Court.
But this outbreak happened.
I know.
How could I not?
I tried to tag along...
when he got his promotion
to High Court.
There's a video,
and I lost my case file.
I must find the documents first.
I'll be at the police station.
Judge Lee, what on earth
happened in the video?
One of the audience must have
recorded it and posted it online.
Shouldn't you try to take it down?
- Why did you lose your senses?
- Judge Lee.
Are you all right?
How could she be?
She can't be okay with this.
This is a huge problem.
Come on, Judge Yoon.
How embarrassing.
You just humiliated
the entire group of female judges.
She's right.
I don't know
why she'd bring gender into this,
but since I'm a chief judge without
a panel, I won't be humiliated.
- Ma'am.
- Judge Lee will be okay, right?
You've gone mad! You must have.
You cursed, took off and threw
your robe in a courtroom.
Why did you stop?
Why didn't you get naked and dance?
Mom, this is considered an assault.
Fine, sue me. Do it.
How are you going to handle
the video and the press?
"Dumb Judge", "Crazy Judge",
and "Angry Judge".
It's all over the Internet.
Mom, do you need to scold me
just like everyone?
I'm also about to go crazy
because of what I have done.
Don't you remember what you told me?
You said that you won't let
your sense of justice influence you.
You said you'll be
a successful judge.
You said you'll make
your kids live in luxury.
Hold on.
(Chief Justice)
(Episode 2 will air shortly.)